README.md, before:

# Nephele
### Tool to be ported into Codepen as a complement to clouds article.

User will be able to experiment and observe effects of adjustments to several relevant values affecting cloud image


## Feature-set

| <h3>Feature</h3>  | <h3>Notes</h3>      | <h3>Status</h3> |
| :---------------- | :------------------ | :-------------- |
| **React**         | 16.4.2              | ***√***         |
| **Normalization** | Safari, Moz, Chrome | ***√***         |
| **Layout**        | CSS Grid/Flexbox    | ***√***         |
| **Styling**       | Styled-Components   | ***√***         |



![Third page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot3.jpg?raw=true "Third page screenshot")
#### custom slider thumbs as svg images. woohoo.

![Fourth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot4.jpg?raw=true "Fourth page screenshot")

![Fifth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot5.jpg?raw=true "Fifth page screenshot")
#### Zeus codes beside what will be a text display of resulting code (using copy-to-clipboard library);

![Sixth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot6.jpg?raw=true "Sixth page screenshot")
#### Experimenting with randomized mosaic theme

![Seventh page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot7.jpg?raw=true "Seventh page screenshot")
#### Further experimentation

![Eighth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot8.jpg?raw=true "Eighth page screenshot")

![Ninth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot9.jpg?raw=true "Ninth page screenshot")

![Tenth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot10.jpg?raw=true "Tenth page screenshot")

![Eleventh page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot11.jpg?raw=true "Eleventh page screenshot")
#### Day/Night Slider works

![Twelfth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot12.jpg?raw=true "Twelfth page screenshot")
#### Added Cloud Model

## Attributions

React scaffolding using the recommendations Brian Holt's excellent react <a href="https://frontendmasters.com/teachers/brian-holt/" target="_blank" title="Click to visit this class">course on FrontEndMasters</a>

Sliders built in styled-components based on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U16seM2a8OY" target="_blank" title="click to watch">this tutorial</a> (with thanks to <a href="https://github.com/MyNameIsURL" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Brice Ayers</a>)

Commit message:

first meaninful paint and adjusted min/max vals

README.md, after:

# Nephele
### Tool to be ported into Codepen as a complement to clouds article.

User will be able to experiment and observe effects of adjustments to several relevant values affecting cloud image


## Feature-set

| <h3>Feature</h3>  | <h3>Notes</h3>      | <h3>Status</h3> |
| :---------------- | :------------------ | :-------------- |
| **React**         | 16.4.2              | ***√***         |
| **Normalization** | Safari, Moz, Chrome | ***√***         |
| **Layout**        | CSS Grid/Flexbox    | ***√***         |
| **Styling**       | Styled-Components   | ***√***         |



![Third page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot3.jpg?raw=true "Third page screenshot")
#### custom slider thumbs as svg images. woohoo.

![Fourth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot4.jpg?raw=true "Fourth page screenshot")

![Fifth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot5.jpg?raw=true "Fifth page screenshot")
#### Zeus codes beside what will be a text display of resulting code (using copy-to-clipboard library);

![Sixth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot6.jpg?raw=true "Sixth page screenshot")
#### Experimenting with randomized mosaic theme

![Seventh page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot7.jpg?raw=true "Seventh page screenshot")
#### Further experimentation

![Eighth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot8.jpg?raw=true "Eighth page screenshot")

![Ninth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot9.jpg?raw=true "Ninth page screenshot")

![Tenth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot10.jpg?raw=true "Tenth page screenshot")

![Eleventh page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot11.jpg?raw=true "Eleventh page screenshot")
#### Day/Night Slider works

![Twelfth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot12.jpg?raw=true "Twelfth page screenshot")
#### Added Cloud Model

![Thirteenth page screenshot](https://github.com/beauhaus/Nephele/blob/master/readmeRefImg/scrnshot13.jpg?raw=true "Thirteenth page screenshot")
#### Removed Decorative Tiles with significant gains in FirstMeaningfulPaint (while still substantial, improves things a great deal). This detail shows the first proof of this tool's utility. Inputs from sliders are delivered into the SVGFilter component & then changes are rendered in the CloudDisplay>CloudModel component.

## Attributions

React scaffolding using the recommendations Brian Holt's excellent react <a href="https://frontendmasters.com/teachers/brian-holt/" target="_blank" title="Click to visit this class">course on FrontEndMasters</a>

Sliders built in styled-components based on <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U16seM2a8OY" target="_blank" title="click to watch">this tutorial</a> (with thanks to <a href="https://github.com/MyNameIsURL" target="_blank" title="Twitter">Brice Ayers</a>)
